well well this is my shop and it's a
current form it is kind of a mess at
this point a couple days ago I went into
the shop for the first time and they're
literally was an inch of water
everywhere which you can still see some
puddles so I was lucky enough to
be able to use my shop back that little
guy took 15 phillips of that that guy
there to get the bulk of the water out
and you can see you got my little pellet
stove going which a left going over
night and that helped dry it out and
thankfully it's a pretty nice day so
anyway if you're looking around you're
saying hey this thing is a bomb looks
like a bomb went off in here that sort
of did had to move all my wood that was
standing I don't know if you'll be able
to see it here yeah there we go well
that's some water Steen's is a little
bit more anyway in an effort to try to
try to resolve some of these issues at
least with the wood getting wet today
one of the things I'm going to be
focused on is that corner right there
it's a mess it's driving me crazy it's
not organized it's a pain in the butt to
to get wood from and so I'm going to be
installing a would rock today well here
it is this is what I worked on most of
the day today trying to get the lumber
rack in actually was a fairly easy
process you'll notice that I have sort
of space underneath the rack itself
which should actually be able to fit a
four-by-eight plywood board if required
the containers that you see there will
actually get moved outside because I'm
actually building a woodshed and then
ultimately what'll end up happening is
the drum sander and
router table will fit I hope underneath
the rack so and I actually even with all
of this here I still ended up throwing
away quite a bit of stuff but it's
actually nice to have looking like i'm
going to have some space in the shop and
next up just look over in that corner
i'm going to be building a hanging wall
cabinet for all my hand tools so still
lots of stuff to do making progress
though
and that's a wrap